README.md, before:

# 📥 Wallpaper Engine Workshop Downloader

A powerful, automated tool to download Steam Workshop wallpapers directly into Wallpaper Engine without needing the Steam client running. Features a custom browser integration with a "One-Click" download system.

<img width="256" height="142" alt="Gemini_Generated_Image_iwz70uiwz70uiwz7-Photoroom" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d328a9a-4df0-495c-bcf1-b213e2c3dd96" />


## ⚡ Features

* **One-Click Download:** Injects a seamless "Download" button directly into the Workshop page.
* **Queue System:** Browse and click multiple wallpapers; they will download in the background automatically.
* **No Steam Client Required:** Uses `DepotDownloader` to fetch files directly from Steam servers.
* **Auto-Install:** Places files in the correct directory so Wallpaper Engine detects them instantly without a restart.

---

## 🚀 How to Install & Use

### 1. Download
Go to the **Releases** page and download the latest `.zip` file.

[**🔗 CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD LATEST RELEASE**](PLACE_LINK_TO_GITHUB_RELEASES_PAGE_HERE)

![Screenshot of the Release Page download button](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

### 2. Extract
Unzip the downloaded file into a folder of your choice.

> **Note:** Do not run the files directly from the zip archive. Extract them first!

### 3. Run
Double-click **`Launch.bat`** to start the application.
*(Alternatively, if you are running from source, open a terminal and run `python start.py`)*

### 4. Select Wallpaper Engine Folder
On the first launch, a popup will ask for your Wallpaper Engine installation path.
Navigate to your folder, usually located here:
`C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\wallpaper_engine`

![Screenshot of the Folder Selection Dialog](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

### 5. Browse & Download
A customized browser window will open. Browse the Workshop as you normally would. When you see a wallpaper you like, click the **Download** button (this replaces the standard Subscribe button).

![Screenshot of the Browser Window with items](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

![Screenshot of the Download Button being clicked](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

### 6. Done!
The download usually takes **15-20 seconds**.
Once the notification appears, the wallpaper is ready! It will appear in Wallpaper Engine immediately—**no restart required** if your folder path was set correctly.

---

## ❓ F.A.Q.

### Q: Why is the download size so large (heavy)?
**A:** The release package includes a standalone version of **Chromium** (a web browser) and the necessary drivers. We bundle this so you don't need to install or configure Chrome manually on your PC. It ensures the tool is "plug-and-play" and works correctly regardless of your default browser settings.

### Q: The console window closes immediately when I open it.
**A:** This usually happens if the folder structure is incomplete. Ensure you extracted **all** files from the .zip, including the `chromium` and `DepotdownloaderMod` folders. Do not move the `.exe` or `.py` files out of the main folder.

### Q: Does this work with Steam Guard / 2FA enabled accounts?
**A:** The tool uses shared accounts configured in the script. If you modify the script to use your own account, note that `DepotDownloader` may struggle with 2FA prompts during automation. It is best to use the provided accounts or a secondary account without 2FA.

### Q: My download is stuck in the "Queue".
**A:** The queue processes one file at a time. If the first download is taking a long time (e.g., a very large video wallpaper), the others will wait. Check the black console window to see the progress log.

### Q: Can I change the download location later?
**A:** Yes. In the black console window that runs in the background, type `path` and press **Enter**. It will prompt you to select a new folder.

---

## ⚠️ Disclaimer
This tool is for educational purposes and simplifies the use of `DepotDownloader`. The creators are not responsible for any misuse of Steam services. Please support creators by subscribing to items on Steam when possible.

Commit message:

Update README with online vs offline version details
Clarify the differences between online and offline versions in README.

README.md, after:

# 📥 Wallpaper Engine Workshop Downloader

A powerful, automated tool to download Steam Workshop wallpapers directly into Wallpaper Engine without needing the Steam client running. Features a custom browser integration with a "One-Click" download system.

<img width="256" height="142" alt="Gemini_Generated_Image_iwz70uiwz70uiwz7-Photoroom" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d328a9a-4df0-495c-bcf1-b213e2c3dd96" />


## ⚡ Features

* **One-Click Download:** Injects a seamless "Download" button directly into the Workshop page.
* **Queue System:** Browse and click multiple wallpapers; they will download in the background automatically.
* **No Steam Client Required:** Uses `DepotDownloader` to fetch files directly from Steam servers.
* **Auto-Install:** Places files in the correct directory so Wallpaper Engine detects them instantly without a restart.

---

## 🚀 How to Install & Use

### 1. Download
Go to the **Releases** page and download the latest `.zip` file.

[**🔗 CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD LATEST RELEASE**](PLACE_LINK_TO_GITHUB_RELEASES_PAGE_HERE)

![Screenshot of the Release Page download button](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

The online version is a version that is lighter on the download but has to install the 500MB+ of dependencies when you launch it. (USE Launch.bat) ONLY WHEN USING ONLINE VERSION

The offline version is a version that comes packed with the required dependencies making it heavier on the first download but no extra download behind it and you can directly use launch.bat or start.py to run it.

### 2. Extract
Unzip the downloaded file into a folder of your choice.

> **Note:** Do not run the files directly from the zip archive. Extract them first!

### 3. Run
Double-click **`Launch.bat`** to start the application.
*(Alternatively, if you are running from source, open a terminal and run `python start.py`)*

### 4. Select Wallpaper Engine Folder
On the first launch, a popup will ask for your Wallpaper Engine installation path.
Navigate to your folder, usually located here:
`C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\wallpaper_engine`

![Screenshot of the Folder Selection Dialog](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

### 5. Browse & Download
A customized browser window will open. Browse the Workshop as you normally would. When you see a wallpaper you like, click the **Download** button (this replaces the standard Subscribe button).

![Screenshot of the Browser Window with items](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

![Screenshot of the Download Button being clicked](PLACE_IMAGE_LINK_HERE)

### 6. Done!
The download usually takes **15-20 seconds**.
Once the notification appears, the wallpaper is ready! It will appear in Wallpaper Engine immediately—**no restart required** if your folder path was set correctly.

---

## ❓ F.A.Q.

### Q: Why is the download size so large (heavy)?
**A:** The release package includes a standalone version of **Chromium** (a web browser) and the necessary drivers. We bundle this so you don't need to install or configure Chrome manually on your PC. It ensures the tool is "plug-and-play" and works correctly regardless of your default browser settings.

### Q: The console window closes immediately when I open it.
**A:** This usually happens if the folder structure is incomplete. Ensure you extracted **all** files from the .zip, including the `chromium` and `DepotdownloaderMod` folders. Do not move the `.exe` or `.py` files out of the main folder.

### Q: Does this work with Steam Guard / 2FA enabled accounts?
**A:** The tool uses shared accounts configured in the script. If you modify the script to use your own account, note that `DepotDownloader` may struggle with 2FA prompts during automation. It is best to use the provided accounts or a secondary account without 2FA.

### Q: My download is stuck in the "Queue".
**A:** The queue processes one file at a time. If the first download is taking a long time (e.g., a very large video wallpaper), the others will wait. Check the black console window to see the progress log.

### Q: Can I change the download location later?
**A:** Yes. In the black console window that runs in the background, type `path` and press **Enter**. It will prompt you to select a new folder.

---

## ⚠️ Disclaimer
This tool is for educational purposes and simplifies the use of `DepotDownloader`. The creators are not responsible for any misuse of Steam services. Please support creators by subscribing to items on Steam when possible.
